Dear Professor Shanto Rahman Madam,  

I learned from your LinkedIn post that you are looking for multiple Ph.D. or M.S. students for the Fall semester, and I would like to apply under your supervision. 

If there is an opportunity for research collaboration, I would be very interested in contributing to your work.

You research interests on intersection of Software Engineering and Artificial Intelligence, align closely with my background and interests. I previously worked at Welldev Bangladesh Ltd., a multinational software company, and I am currently conducting research in artificial intelligence, multimodal AI, and machine learning. At present, I work as a part-time lecturer at KUET, where I teach Software Engineering, drawing on the practical experience I gained during my time in the software industry. I am also collaborating on a stroke rehabilitation research project with Dr. Md. Abdul Awal at the University of Southern Queensland (UniSQ).

I have attached my CV and academic transcripts for your kind consideration. 
Thank you. 

Regards, 

Ehsanul Karim
M.Sc. Student and Part-time Lecturer 
Khulna University of Engineering & Technology, KUET, Khulna Bangladesh.



Hi Ehsanul,
Thank you for your email. I would encourage you to take a look at some of my recent papers on my website. In particular, I recommend taking a look at FlakeSync, RankF, and TSVD4J. FlakeSync is an automated repair technique for asynchronous-wait flaky tests, RankF ranks relevant tests for order-dependent (OD) test failures, and TSVD4J is a technique for finding potential concurrency bugs in Java programs. I encourage you to read at least one of these papers—preferably the one that interests you the most—and, if possible, try using the corresponding artifact to gain a better understanding of the technique. I would be interested to hear which direction excites you the most and why.


For more background, look at the following resources:
1. IDoFT: https://github.com/TestingResearchIllinois/idoft 

2. iDFlakies: https://github.com/UT-SE-Research/iDFlakies 

3. NonDex: https://github.com/testingresearchillinois/nondex 


Once you have tried all these and have some ideas, please email me what you find from each tool run. Based on your understanding of all these tools and your findings, what research direction do you want to work on with me?


Best regards,
Shanto



